deps(TypeScript) - upgrade to v5, upgrade ts-loader, fix types error, fix pasteConfig getter wrapper (#2322)
codex-team/editor.js: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `Improvement` — The `onChange` callback won't be triggered only if all mutations contain nodes with the `data-mutation-free` attributes.
- `Fix` — Resolve compiler error from importing the BlockToolData type.
- `Fix` — Resolved a problem when document was being scrolled to the beginning after moving up a Block above the viewport.
- `Improvement` — Package size reduced by removing redundant files.
- `Fix`- Several bugs caused by random browser extensions.
- `Improvement` — *Dependencies* — Upgrade TypeScript to v5.

> - `Fix` — *BlockTool* — `pasteConfig` getter provide `false` into the core if you need to disable preventing default behavior for paste event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Fix` — *ToolsAPI* — `pasteConfig` getter with `false` value could be used to disable paste handling by Editor.js core. Could be useful if your tool has its own paste handler.
```
